Let go of me!
Wheat, let him go
Do you want so many people to see the effect?
Cheng Yu takes care of him
He's so embarrassing
Wheat break up
Cheng Yu I
He was the one who spoke badly first
little sister
Don't fool around, you go back first
This is Mrs. Deer.
Buckwheat is so fat and ugly
I heard that I have been entangled in my stomach
He also followed the down to the personal concert
What? Mrs. Deer?
Like a hulk
That is.
Back then, it was his parents who forced Mr. Lu to go
Now it's karma, bankruptcy.
He still has the face to see Mr. Lu
Don't you think so?
Yeah, go back, hurry up
Hurry up and leave. It's scary to look like this.
Hurry up and go
Go hurry up
Go, stinky starling
Too stupid to give it to you.
When did you divorce buckwheat?